Updated to Codeigniter 4 (#21)
SeunMatt/codeigniter-log-viewer: README.md

A typical Controller *(LogViewerController.php)* will have the following content:

```php
namespace App\Controllers;
use CILogViewer\CILogViewer;

class LogViewerController extends BaseController
{
    public function index() {
        $logViewer = new CILogViewer();
        return $this->logViewer->showLogs();
    }
}
```

Then the route `app/Config/Routes.php` can be configured like:

```php
$routes->add('logs', "logViewerController::index");
```

And that's all! If you visit `/logs` on your browser 
you should see all the logs that are in `writable/logs` folder and their content

Configuration
==============

> Configuration (optional) parameters can be set by adding `$logFolderPath` to a `CILogViewer` class in the CodeIgniter's `Config` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package allows you to configure some of its parameters by creating a `CILogViewer` class in CodeIgniter's `Config` folder and then adding the respective class variables.
```
